Now let's go ahead and pull in some other data files.
And our source code directory that you downloaded earlier.
Spring boot unit testing main.
Then we have another directory here called
1.11 fizzbuzz test data files.
You can move into this directory
and we have a number of files here.
Let's go ahead and grab the medium and large test data
and copy those.
And now let's move back into our IDE
and we'll paste those files in.
So again, in the test section, under resources,
we'll paste those two files.
Okay, great. So we have our medium test data.csv,
take a quick look at it.
It goes from 1
all the way down to 50.
Okay, great.
So, the first 50 numbers for FizzBuzz.
And another one, large test data CSV
and this one goes all the way down to 100.
Cool. So we have some other data files
that we can play with here.
And what I'll do here is I'll actually create separate tests
for each one of the files.
We could also do 'em all at the same time
but here I'll just kind of make 'em separate
just for academic purposes here.
And here we have medium,
medium test data,
update the order
and update the method name.
And I'll just run this real quick.
And testing with medium test data failed.
Hmm. Interesting.
Okay. That's the right file name.
Medium test data.
Okay. Hmm.
More actions, nothing there.
And just taking a look,
make sure I didn't use the wrong file name.
Okay. Now I remember this issue.
We simply need to do a rebuild on our project
in order for all of the data files
to make it into the appropriate directories.
So, under build, choose rebuild project.
All right. So the project is now rebuilt.
Now let's run our test one more time.
And excellent.
Okay, great.
So that little rebuild thing helped us with our data file.
So now testing with medium data file that passes okay
and we see all the different items out there that passed.
Okay. This is really, really good.
All the way down to 50.
Really good. I like it.
And now let's do a similar thing for the large data file.
And simply update the display name, the source
and the order and method name.
All right. So that's the info there
for testing the large data file.
Go ahead and run it.
And yes, success.
So the large data file worked also.
And remember, the large data file had values
all the way from 1 to 100.
Excellent. And each one of those items pass.
Great. Good job.
Okay, so, good examples here
of just using CSV data files.
We started with a small file,
we went to a medium, large and you can make use
of any number of files here for testing.
So this is a really good way of having parameterized tests
and just kind of seeing everything in action.
So I'd like to say, good job my friend.